They offer you food or other consumables.
They initiate conversation frequently.
They remember small details about you.
They laugh at your jokes even though you aren't funny like that.
They rarely respond to your messages.
Your friends think they like you.
They remove you from close friends.
They offer to help with small tasks.
You guys have inside jokes.
They ask personal questions.
They remember topics you mentioned previously.
Their friend says you two look good together.
Their friends already know you before you have met them.
They ask you on a date.
Their friends act formal around you.
They’re flirty with everyone.
They show interest in your hobbies.
They compliment you out of nowhere.
They tease you.
They get shy around you.
They text after the hangout.
Mention you to friends or family.
They like your stories consistantly.
They ask about your friends.
Their friends giggle around you or at your mention.
They double text you.
They comment on your posts or stories.
You guys maintain long eye contact.(more than 3 seconds)
Are you delusional?
They make one on one plans with you.
They add you to their close friends.
They send you things and say it reminded them of you.
They ask you if your friend is dating anyone.
They never initiate anything.
They ask for your Snapchat.
They make something, and coincidentally happen to give it to you.
They randomly reappear after ghosting you.
Their friends tease them when you’re around.
They cancel plans vaguely.
They send you reels.
They make you specifically something.
They talk about someone their “friends” with.
Do you think they like you?
They say they’re emotionally unavailable.
They have told you they like you.
They ask your friends if you are dating anyone.
They compliment other people around you.
They find excuses to touch you.
They ask for your instagram.
They like thirst traps on Instagram.
They soft launch someone else.
Ask if you are dating someone.
They try and set you up with their friend.
They stalk you from a spam account.
They send mixed signals then play dumb.
You catch them looking at you often.
They ignore you consistently.
They remember specific event dates.
They say you remind them of their sibling.
They leave you on sent for a long time consistently (over a day).
They liked one of your old posts.
They talk about their accomplishments.
They don’t ask you any questions about you.
They Compliment your personality.
They try and impress your friends.
They dont believe in relationships.
They face you when sitting/standing.
They say they arent ready for a relationship.
They only compliment your appearance.
They say things like I’ve never met someone like you.
They ask for your number.
They don’t talk about a future with you.
They look at you while laughing.
They find an excuse to text you.
They randomly appear where you are.
They notice small changes about you.
They ask if you got home safe.
They compliment your physical appearance.
They only message late at night.
They hard launch someone else.
They send you couple esque reels.
They talk about their ex.
They mention their current partner.
They call you bro.
They mention you to your friends.
They stutter around you.
They invite to a group hangout or event.
They give you a nickname.
They talk about you with their friends.